It looks like the app (Pickfair / Betfair client) is running with SSL support disabled or missing SSL libraries. The quick fix is to re-enable proper SSL support and make sure the OpenSSL libs and the Python SSL module are available, then re-enable certificate verification.

What to do (high level)

Upgrade the OS if you’re on Windows 7 or an unsupported system. SSL verification is disabled in that log for security reasons.
Make sure Python has SSL support (the ssl module). If not, reinstall Python with SSL support.
Install OpenSSL (libssl) so the cryptg extension can load, or rely on the Python SSL module if you’re not using cryptg.
Re-enable SSL certificate verification in the app/config.
If you can’t upgrade the OS, consider running the app in a newer environment (e.g., a newer PC, VM, or Docker container) with full SSL support.
Step-by-step plan (Windows-oriented; adjust for Linux/macOS if needed)

Check OS and OS security
If you’re on Windows 7: upgrade to Windows 10/11 if possible.
If you must stay on an older system for now, isolate this machine from sensitive networks and treat SSL as disabled only temporarily (not recommended for production).
Verify Python SSL support
Open a Command Prompt and run:
python --version
python -c "import ssl; print(ssl.OPENSSL_VERSION)"

If the second command raises an error, reinstall Python from python.org (use a standard, official distribution) and make sure:
You install to PATH (tick “Add Python to PATH” in the installer).
You choose a full installation (not a minimal one).

Ensure OpenSSL libs are available (for cryptg or system SSL)
Windows options:
Option A (recommended): Reinstall Python from python.org (the official builds bundle the OpenSSL libs for the ssl module).
Option B (manual OpenSSL): Install OpenSSL for Windows and add its bin directory to PATH.
Example (Chocolatey, if you have it): choco install openssl.light -y
Or download from a reputable source (e.g., SLProWeb) and install.

After installing, verify the DLLs are in PATH, e.g.:
C:\OpenSSL-Win64\bin\libssl-1_1.dll
C:\OpenSSL-Win64\bin\libcrypto-1_1.dll

Re-run: python -c "import ssl; print(ssl.OPENSSL_VERSION)" to confirm.

Install or enable cryptg (optional, for performance)
If your app uses cryptg and you want it enabled, install it:
pip install cryptg

If you don’t want cryptg, you can continue with the pure-Python crypto (slower but functional). The log says it’s falling back to Python encryption because libssl isn’t found; installing the above should enable cryptg.
Re-enable SSL verification in the app
The log notes SSL verification is disabled globally. Look for a configuration option in Pickfair/Betfair client:
In config files, search for flags like ssl_verify, verify_ssl, ssl_cert_verify, or similar and set it to true/enabled.
If you’re not sure where this is, check the app docs or ik with a search across config files.

If there is no explicit config, updating to a newer version of the app often re-enables proper SSL handling.
Quick sanity checks
After making changes, restart the app and re-check the logs for:
No more “SSL verification disabled” warnings.
Successful OpenSSL version reported by Python.
Successful TLS handshake to api.betfair.com (look for HTTP 200s in the log and no crypto-related errors).

Optional diagnostic commands to run
Windows/Command Prompt:
python -c "import ssl; print(ssl.OPENSSL_VERSION)"
where python
echo %PATH% | findstr /i "openssl"

Linux/macOS terminal:
python3 -c "import ssl; print(ssl.OPENSSL_VERSION)"
openssl version
which python3
python3 -m pip install --upgrade cryptography
python3 -m pip install cryptg