Download Win32/Win64 OpenSSL today using the links below!

File	Type	Description
Win64 OpenSSL v3.6.0 Light
EXE | MSI	6MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.6.0 (Recommended for users by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.6.0
EXE | MSI	248MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.6.0 (Recommended for software developers by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.6.0 Light
EXE | MSI	5MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win32 OpenSSL v3.6.0 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.6.0
EXE | MSI	207MB Installer	Installs Win32 OpenSSL v3.6.0 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.6.0 Light for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	6MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.6.0 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.6.0 for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	207MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.6.0 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.6.0 Light for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	15MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.6.0 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.6.0 for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	174MB Installer	Installs WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.6.0 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries and compiler libraries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
 	 	 
Win64 OpenSSL v3.5.4 Light
EXE | MSI	6MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.5.4 (Recommended for users by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.5.4
EXE | MSI	281MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.5.4 (Recommended for software developers by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.5.4 Light
EXE | MSI	5MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win32 OpenSSL v3.5.4 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.5.4
EXE | MSI	232MB Installer	Installs Win32 OpenSSL v3.5.4 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.5.4 Light for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	6MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.5.4 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.5.4 for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	230MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.5.4 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.5.4 Light for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	15MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.5.4 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.5.4 for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	170MB Installer	Installs WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.5.4 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries and compiler libraries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
 	 	 
Win64 OpenSSL v3.4.3 Light
EXE | MSI	5MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.4.3 (Recommended for users by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.4.3
EXE | MSI	221MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.4.3 (Recommended for software developers by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.4.3 Light
EXE | MSI	4MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win32 OpenSSL v3.4.3 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.4.3
EXE | MSI	180MB Installer	Installs Win32 OpenSSL v3.4.3 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.4.3 Light for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	6MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.4.3 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.4.3 for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	176MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.4.3 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.4.3 Light for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	14MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.4.3 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.4.3 for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	159MB Installer	Installs WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.4.3 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries and compiler libraries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
 	 	 
Win64 OpenSSL v3.3.5 Light
EXE | MSI	5MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.3.5 (Recommended for users by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.3.5
EXE | MSI	216MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.3.5 (Recommended for software developers by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.3.5 Light
EXE | MSI	4MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win32 OpenSSL v3.3.5 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.3.5
EXE | MSI	175MB Installer	Installs Win32 OpenSSL v3.3.5 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.3.5 Light for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	6MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.3.5 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.3.5 for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	170MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.3.5 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.3.5 Light for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	14MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.3.5 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.3.5 for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	156MB Installer	Installs WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.3.5 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries and compiler libraries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
 	 	 
Win64 OpenSSL v3.2.6 Light
EXE | MSI	5MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.2.6 (Recommended for users by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.2.6
EXE | MSI	202MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.2.6 (Recommended for software developers by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.2.6 Light
EXE | MSI	4MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win32 OpenSSL v3.2.6 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.2.6
EXE | MSI	164MB Installer	Installs Win32 OpenSSL v3.2.6 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.2.6 Light for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	6MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.2.6 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.2.6 for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	159MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.2.6 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.2.6 Light for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	14MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.2.6 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.2.6 for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	153MB Installer	Installs WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.2.6 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries and compiler libraries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
 	 	 
Win64 OpenSSL v3.0.18 Light
EXE | MSI	5MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.0.18 (Recommended for users by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.0.18
EXE | MSI	135MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.0.18 (Recommended for software developers by the creators of OpenSSL). Only installs on 64-bit versions of Windows and targets Intel x64 chipsets. Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.0.18 Light
EXE | MSI	4MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win32 OpenSSL v3.0.18 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win32 OpenSSL v3.0.18
EXE | MSI	113MB Installer	Installs Win32 OpenSSL v3.0.18 (Only install this if you need 32-bit OpenSSL for Windows). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.0.18 Light for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	5MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of Win64 OpenSSL v3.0.18 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
Win64 OpenSSL v3.0.18 for ARM
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE | MSI	109MB Installer	Installs Win64 OpenSSL v3.0.18 for ARM64 devices (Only install this VERY EXPERIMENTAL build if you want to try 64-bit OpenSSL for Windows on ARM processors). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.0.18 Light for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	13MB Installer	Installs the most commonly used essentials of WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.0.18 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.
WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.0.18 for all architectures
(EXPERIMENTAL)
EXE	111MB Installer	Installs WinUniversal OpenSSL v3.0.18 for all devices (Only install this EXPERIMENTAL build if you need universal Windows binaries and compiler libraries of OpenSSL for Windows for all architectures - Intel x86, Intel x64, and ARM - includes static binaries and a portable installer variant). Note that this is a default build of OpenSSL and is subject to local and state laws. More information can be found in the legal agreement of the installation.

		

	Donate to Shining Light Productions	
		

		
	Shining Light Productions puts forth a lot of effort into developing Win32/Win64 OpenSSL. As such, if you find it useful, a time-saver, or helps to solve a frustrating problem, seriously consider giving a donation to continue developing this software.

Shining Light Productions uses PayPal for all donations because it is fast, easy, and secure.

A minimum $10.00 (US) donation is recommended for individuals. Businesses integrating Win32/Win64 OpenSSL into products must pay a minimum of $225 to help cover the cost of bandwidth. Businesses can alternatively pay smaller amounts on a regular basis (sponsorship).

Businesses: A $25/month recurring donation will get a logo and preferred placement on this page.

To make a one-time donation to Shining Light Productions, click the button below. Clicking the button will take you to PayPal's website:

Make a donation to Shining Light Productions with PayPal.  Donating through PayPal is fast, easy, and secure!
To make a recurring donation (sponsorship) to Shining Light Productions, click the button below. Clicking the button will take you to PayPal's website:

Make a recurring donation to Shining Light Productions with PayPal.  Donating through PayPal is fast, easy, and secure! 

		

	Announcement Mailing List	
		

		
	User's like yourself have constantly been bugging Shining Light Productions for some sort of notification mechanism as to when products are released and/or updated. So, to add one more worthless website feature to the slowly growing collection, this website now supports adding your e-mail address to the Shining Light Productions back-end database to receive product announcements. Since I care for SPAM and spammers about as much as I do this "feature" all y'all are wanting, you can be rest assured I will only send you plain text e-mail when a Shining Light Productions product is added or updated. Sign up below to receive announcements:
E-mail Address:		
For those who want to filter content using their e-mail client, the subject line will always contain pertinent information for filtering in the following format (useful if you only want to receive notices for one specific product):

[SLPro - Win32 OpenSSL] Win32 OpenSSL Released!	
		

	Product Support	
		

		
	Shining Light Productions' Technical Support is highly acclaimed by many as the best in the software industry. The reason? You get to talk to the original/current developer of the product one-on-one...this means that there is no annoying third party using scripted responses.

The downside is that, since you ARE e-mailing a real developer, you need to realize this and respect the developer, no matter what mood he/she is in. A developer's time is extremely valuable and a developer may not be in the most pleasant mood all the time. You can quickly get on any developer's nerves by e-mailing multiple times, mis-spelling, mis-communicating, need to be told where your "Start" button is, or you manage to catch the developer at the end of an eight hour debugging session (or worse, the frantic portion of a release cycle). Shining Light Productions aims to be polite, but does not tolerate someone intentionally wasting a developer's time. In addition to being concise, organized, and communicating clearly, below are some guidelines to follow that make the Shining Light Productions developer's job that much easier to formulate a good response in a timely manner.

Bug Reports: To report a bug in the Win32/Win64 OpenSSL Installation Project, send an e-mail to Shining Light Productions describing your system setup, pertinent configuration information, what your intended goal is, and provide all related information (no matter how irrelevant it seems) to the bug.

Feature Requests: To suggest a feature, send an e-mail to Shining Light Productions describing the feature in as much detail as possible. Try to think of ways to make it benefit other users and thus make it a powerful, generic feature.

General Questions: If none of the above applies to your question, make sure it hasn't already been answered. For general questions or problems send an e-mail to Shining Light Productions containing your question about/problem(s) with the product. If applicable, send a configuration file that demonstrates the problem.	
		

	Sponsors & Donators	
		

		
	
Businesses
totaluptime.com - Secure Cloud Load Balancing
  Secure Cloud Load Balancing

(See the Donations section on this page to get your business here)

		
